feat: updated readme docs (#2)
cln-reckless/cln4go.plugin: README.md

## Introduction

A minimal template for projects based on [cln4go](https://github.com/vincenzopalazzo/cln4go). This should get you started if you want to 
develop a core lightning plugin using Go.

## How to use

To use, update Makefile with your operating system, and run `make build` this will generate a executable file in the root directory. 

This executable can be used with core lightning using the

> ```

Reviewer: You can use the make file in the following way `make build OS=<> ARCH=<>`

To produce a binary for the OS and ARCH.

However `make build` should be used only in release mode, in development mode you mast use `make` that produce a debug binary, and also make a `go fmt` for you, also it make a static analysis of the code with the following tool https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint

So you should install it.

This is what I would like to see in the `How to use`

## How to use

> You can use the make file in the following way make build OS=<> ARCH=<>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the make file in the following way `make build OS=<> ARCH=<>`, for example `make build ...`
```

Put also an example, maybe the command that you use on your system

To produce a binary for the OS and ARCH.

> However make build should be used only in release mode, in development mode you mast use make that produce a debug binary, and also make a `go fmt` for you, also it make a static analysis of the code with the following tool https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However make build should be used only in release mode, in development mode you must use `make` that produce a debug binary, and also make a `go fmt` for you, In addition, it make a static analysis of the code with the following tool https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint
```
